README.rst, before:

Muss
====

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mapeveri/muss/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/mapeveri/muss?branch=master

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/mapeveri/muss.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/mapeveri/muss

Muss is a 100% open source forum developed with Django and Ember.js.


Features
--------

1. Multiple forums and ordered by category.
2. Support to subforums.
3. Hit count by topics.
4. Support to topics main in top in the forum.
5. Support to rss to forums.
6. Search topics in the all forums.
7. Pre-moderation of topics with multiple moderators.
8. Support of media files for topics.
9. Infinite scroll for topics and comments.
10. Notifications and email notifications.
11. Notifications and comments in real time.
12. Django-admin for moderation.
13. Support check user online.
14. Support English, Italian and Spanish languages.
15. API REST with django-rest-framework.
16. Custom configuration css.
17. Editor Markdown.
18. Messages for forums.
19. Suggested Topics in topic.
20. Open and Close topic.
21. Support to likes in topics and comments.
22. Check if a user is a troll.
23. Support Open Graph.


Built With
----------

1. Python/Django
2. Ember.js
3. Semantic UI
4. PostgreSQL
5. Redis


Configuration and installation
------------------------------

Manually
--------

1. Clone this repository and execute:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Go to the folder /conf/ and rename file settings_local.py.txt to settings_local.py. Then configure thats variables.

3. Generate **SECRET_KEY** and export environment variable:

    python script/django-secret-keygen.py

    export SECRET_KEY_MUSS_APP=RESULT SCRIPT django-secret-keygen.py

4. In main folder execute:

    python manage.py migrate

    python manage.py createsuperuser

5. Execute:

    python manage.py config_admin

6. Compile translations:

    python manage.py compilemessages

7. Go to the folder /static/muss and execute:

    npm install

    bower install

8. Make sure you have a redis installer.

With ansible
------------

1. Execute in the folder **ansible**:

    ansible-playbook playbook.yml


Development
-----------

Execute Backend:

    python manage.py runserver

Execute Fronted:

    npm install -g ember-cli
    
    ember s

Translates:

    python manage.py makemessages  --ignore=static

    python manage.py compilemessages


Contribute
----------

1. Fork this repo and install it.
2. Follow PEP8, Style Guide for Python Code.
3. Write code.
4. Write unit test.
5. Send pull request.


Status
------

In Alpha.

Commit message:

Create .env file to set environment variables

README.rst, after:

Muss
====

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mapeveri/muss/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/mapeveri/muss?branch=master

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/mapeveri/muss.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/mapeveri/muss

Muss is a 100% open source forum developed with Django and Ember.js.


Features
--------

1. Multiple forums and ordered by category.
2. Support to subforums.
3. Hit count by topics.
4. Support to topics main in top in the forum.
5. Support to rss to forums.
6. Search topics in the all forums.
7. Pre-moderation of topics with multiple moderators.
8. Support of media files for topics.
9. Infinite scroll for topics and comments.
10. Notifications and email notifications.
11. Notifications and comments in real time.
12. Django-admin for moderation.
13. Support check user online.
14. Support English, Italian and Spanish languages.
15. API REST with django-rest-framework.
16. Custom configuration css.
17. Editor Markdown.
18. Messages for forums.
19. Suggested Topics in topic.
20. Open and Close topic.
21. Support to likes in topics and comments.
22. Check if a user is a troll.
23. Support Open Graph.


Built With
----------

1. Python/Django
2. Ember.js
3. Semantic UI
4. PostgreSQL
5. Redis


Configuration and installation
------------------------------

Manually
--------

1. Clone this repository and execute:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Go to the folder /conf/ and rename file settings_local.py.txt to settings_local.py and .env.example to .env. Then configure thats variables.

3. Generate **SECRET_KEY** and set in .env file:

    python script/django-secret-keygen.py

4. In main folder execute:

    python manage.py migrate

    python manage.py createsuperuser

5. Execute:

    python manage.py config_admin

6. Compile translations:

    python manage.py compilemessages

7. Go to the folder /static/muss and execute:

    npm install

    bower install

8. Make sure you have a redis installer.

With ansible
------------

1. Execute in the folder **ansible**:

    ansible-playbook playbook.yml


Development
-----------

Execute Backend:

    python manage.py runserver

Execute Fronted:

    npm install -g ember-cli
    
    ember s

Translates:

    python manage.py makemessages  --ignore=static

    python manage.py compilemessages


Contribute
----------

1. Fork this repo and install it.
2. Follow PEP8, Style Guide for Python Code.
3. Write code.
4. Write unit test.
5. Send pull request.


Status
------

In Alpha.
